Add initial stub of agents file (#1797)
elastic/docs-builder: AGENTS.md

# AI Assistant Guide for docs-builder

This file contains instructions and guidance for AIs when working with the docs-builder repository.

## Repository overview

This is Elastic's distributed documentation tooling system built on .NET 9, consisting of:

- **docs-builder**: CLI tool for building single documentation sets
- **docs-assembler**: CLI tool for assembling multiple doc sets
- Written in C# and F# with extensive Markdown processing capabilities

## Essential commands

### Development
```bash

> # Build the project
> dotnet build
> 
> # Simulates a full release -- run this to confirm the absence of build errors
> dotnet run --project build -c release
> 
> # Runs all tests
> dotnet test
> 
> # Run docs-builder locally
> ./build.sh run -- serve
> 
> # Clean build artifacts
> dotnet clean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Ensure no compilation failures -- run this to confirm the absence of build errors.
dotnet build

# Run docs-builder locally
dotnet run --project src/tooling/docs-builder 

# Run all the unit tests which complete fast.
./build.sh unit-test

# Clean all the build artifacts located in .artifacts folder
./build.sh clean

# Produce native binaries -- only call this if a change touches serialization and you are committing on behalf of the developer.
 ./build.sh publishbinaries

```

Reviewer: Small tweaks to ensure building builds everything and testing only runs unit tests.

- `src/tooling/docs-builder/` - Main CLI application
- `src/tooling/docs-assembler/` - Assembly tool
- `src/Elastic.Documentation.Site/` - Web rendering components

### Testing Structure

- `tests/` - C# unit tests
- `tests/authoring/` - F# authoring tests
- `tests-integration/` - Integration tests

### Configuration

- `config/` - YAML configuration files
- `Directory.Build.props` - MSBuild properties
- `Directory.Packages.props` - Centralized package management

## Development guidelines

### Adding New Features

1. **Markdown Extensions**: Add to `src/Elastic.Markdown/Myst/`
2. **CLI Commands**: Extend `src/tooling/docs-builder/Cli/` or `docs-assembler/Cli/`
3. **Web Components**: Add to `src/Elastic.Documentation.Site/`
4. **Configuration**: Modify `src/Elastic.Documentation.Configuration/`

### Code style

- Follow existing C# and F# conventions in the codebase
- ...

### Testing requirements

- Add unit tests for new functionality
- Use F# for authoring/documentation-specific tests
- ...

### Common patterns

- ...

## Documentation

The repository is self-documenting:

- `/docs/` contains comprehensive documentation

> You MUST update the documentation when making changes.

Reviewer 2: I think this needs to be more specific. 

```suggestion
You MUST update the documentation when there are changes in the markdown syntax or rendering behaviour.
```

or something along those lines.

There can be changes that don't affect the docs.
